The Cargill logo and tagline appear: Cargill. Helping the world thrive.
A timeline slowly expands, revealing a collage of Cargill's history above and below it. Words appear:
For Over 150 years we've been helping the world thrive.
The screen wipes left, revealing new images of Cargill's employees. Words appear:
With 160,000 employees
in 70 countries
we've provided a world of expertise in
agriculture, food and nutrition
Several wipes of farming and agriculture appear.
delivered locally, quickly and reliably.
An animation now appears, using line art to connect various aspects of Cargill's business from farming to delivery to food services. The screen wipes left again, revealing more of Cargill's employees. Words appear.
We create connections that nourish the world
and help our customers and partners succeed.
We founded our business on the belief "Our word is our bond."
This remains the standard by which we do business.
The word "Thrive" appears, while images of Cargill employees cycle through.
The Cargill logo and tagline appear again: Cargill. Helping the world thrive.